Feat: Skip decorator option for push command (#614)
Redocly/openapi-cli: docs/commands/push.md

--branch, -b    | string  | Optional. The branch where your API definition will be pushed or upserted. Default value is `main`.  |
--help       | boolean | Optional. Help output for the command.  |
--run-id       | string  | Optional. Specify the ID of the CI job that the current push will be associated with. See [the Run ID section](#run-id) for more information.  |

> --skip-decorator | [string] | Optional. Ignore certain decorators. See the [Skip preprocessor, rule, or decorator section](#skip-preprocessor-rule-or-decorator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--skip-decorator | [string] | Optional. Ignore one or more decorators. See the [Skip preprocessor, rule, or decorator section](#skip-preprocessor-rule-or-decorator) for usage examples.
```

Author: Added this suggested change with commit.

- CI/CD systems: group pushes from a single CI job together so that each push does not trigger separate reference docs/portals rebuild.
- External systems: a parameter that can be used in reports, metrics, analytics to refer to a specific application service state.

### Skip decorator

You may want to skip specific decorators upon running the command.

> ```bash Skip decorators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash Skip a decorator
```
